[music plays]
Francis: And God made us in His creation.
We are His children
and He cares for each one of us.
We need to believe that is faith.
Faith means believing without seeing.
Hello, my name is Dr. Francis Casale.
I am a pastor to a deaf
and deaf and blind ASL congregation.
It wasn't until I was about two,
I was playing and my mother was calling
my name and I didn't respond.
And my mom was quite confused.
And so she went ahead
and took me to see the doctor.
The doctor found that I was actually deaf
and my mother was very heartbroken.
She didn't know what to do.
The doctor said, Oh,
“you can just teach him how to speak
and he can learn oral.
It's okay, it's fine.”
And I had a therapist who would help me speak
and the teacher said,
”Frances is not going to succeed.
He's going to fail because he's not
really good at reading lips or speaking.”
And my mom was just heartbroken
and she cried.
And it wasn’t until my mom went to ASD
for a parent-teacher association.
They had a meeting
and my mother was helping
and she saw a lot of deaf parents
and they were signing
and they all had houses,
they had cars, they had boats.
They were living
just the regular normal life.
And my mom realized that deaf people
can do more than just read people's lips.
TV Host: I would like to introduce to you
Reverend Francis Casale
Could you share with us your testimonies
as to how you came to know the Lord
and how the Lord led you to the ministry?
Francis: I would like to share with you
about one of the things that God
has changed my life
for these many years.
I’ve been raised
in a very good background
with a Catholic family,
very strong Catholic family.
Francis: I was Catholic
for very many years,
and it wasn't until I got
into Gallaudet University
when I kind of just pushed it away.
I said, “they're all liars and false prophets.”
And I was like,
“I'm going to become an atheist.
I'm not going to believe
in anything at all.
I'm going to have no religion.
I only focus on me
and my art, art is my religion.
I'm going to just focus on that.”
Francis: I just didn't believe anything,
just for the fun of things myself
and fooled around with
drinking, drugs, and etc.
had all this fooling around
just for the kicks.
Francis: I went to Gallaudet University.
My major was art.
It was for five years.
So I did art and then I also did drama.
After that, I became
kind of my own business.
So I did photography for weddings and
I would sell paintings to different places
and that is kind of what
I had been doing until my eyesight
started to become less and less.
I was at the age of sixteen.
I was learning how to drive and
I would be kind of, you know, swerving.
And then my teacher said, “Hey,
I think you have an eyesight problem.”
I was like, “okay, I'm
going to go to the eye doctor.”
And I found that I had
what is called Usher syndrome.
At the time I could look forward
and it would be clear,
but I couldn't see peripheral vision.
So I was very limited with my vision.
And so what I had to do is
I kind of had to stop the art.
I wasn't able to read as much.
I kind of felt isolated and lonely.
And to be honest with you, I couldn't
accept myself as a deaf and blind.
Francis: Until I met a person
who was a deaf pastor
and he shared the word with me.
And I tried to counterattack and
every time he'd speak to me
I'd come back with something else.
But I began to see more and more.
I began to understand
God's love through this person.
Francis: He was teaching me
about the Bible.
And so I said, “okay, I'll read it.”
So I opened it up and I just
I fell in love with it.
I was just like, “wow, there's just so much
and just explaining how Jesus healed,
how he worked
with all different types of people
and how much he showed his love,
God's love for people.”
And I decided to,
you know, accept Jesus Christ in my life.
[music plays]
And so we were kind of doing
like a pastors’ retreat in the mountains.
And I was singing,
I was thinking, I was praying.
I said, you know, ”God, if you're going
to heal me, I'm here, I'm alone.
Nobody's around. Like, please heal me.
I'm ready.”
You know, I'm going to pray.
I cried.
I looked and read into the Bible
and I read John chapter nine,
and it said, Jesus Christ walked to the temple
and his disciples looked on and they saw
a lot of crippled people, a lot of blind people,
a lot of deaf people
that were begging on the side of the road.
And they said, “Hey, there's
a blindman there
He's blind because he sinned?
Jesus answered, ”No, no, that is not true.
Regardless of what happened,
God makes these decisions.”
And that when I read that
hit me very hard.
And I just thought,
“okay, God makes these decisions.
He has a plan for my life.”
And I just cried and cried and cried.
And I told God,
“please forgive me for having this
want of my own plan,
my own way, my own desire,
my pride to say, I want to be healed.
I want to see.”
I just let go. And
I truly accepted myself.
And I thought, “okay, praise God, I am
a deaf and blind person and that's okay.
And I'm happy with who I am.
And I can teach.
I can still tell stories and act and teach
people God's word and share.”
And I've been able to help deaf
and blind people
and to show that you can do it,
they can do it.
And then after that,
we went to Japan, my wife and I.
Francis: In Japan I saw more and more
of God's work through me.
So I decided to rededicate and fully,
fully submit myself to Him.
Francis: We set up two churches
for the deaf in Japan,
and we came back to America.
And I started a church called
Inner Community Church of God.
[TV program music plays]
Francis: Oh, hi there.
Let me put this down. Hello. Hello.
I'm very excited right now.
I'm preparing to be ready
for a special event.
Francis: There was a calling that led me now
to be part of a TV program.
I was acting as a chef Italian cook,
and he would tell some Bible stories.
Francis: A man who was paralyzed and lying on a mat
was carried to the house by his friends.
When Jesus saw this,
he was impressed and said to the man,
“Your sins have been forgiven.”
Francis: They didn't know that, at the time,
I was deaf and blind.
They just thought,
Wow, he's just this deaf guy.
He's a great signer.
Until they met me
and they said, wow, you're deaf and blind.
You could act.
What?
Francis: Thank you for your time. Please stay with us
as we have a wedding blessing.
Specifically for the DeafBlind
who will be getting married.
This very unique situation, me as a
DeafBlind pastor and our couple who are DeafBlind.
The two will become
one and start a new life
with new experiences and new relationships.
So the old is passed away
and a new life is beginning
through their love. And love
melts away all problems.
Frank, do you take Kathie
as your wife today
and this day forward till death
do you part and Jesus’ name and faith?
Kathie: I can't believe
that I'm married by Pastor Francis.
I just can't believe it.
I feel more inspired.
So happy, just elated.
Francis: It is amazing
as a DeafBlind pastor
alongside a DeafBlind couple,
The three of us truly felt like
we were in our own world, united together.
Francis: As a pastor,
I guide them to encourage, support,
love, and cherish each other
for the glory of God.
Thank you.
A lot of misconceptions is the idea that deaf
and blind people can't do anything.
Oh, you're deaf and blind.
Oh, I feel so sorry for you.
But I don't want to be burdened by myself.
Someone else please help them.
But you have to teach people
to understand.
Deaf and blind people can get married,
they can become counselors,
they can do so many things.
And I just would encourage them.
[music ends]